#planet

## Introduction

[[Xylaria]] is a planet comprised of an amalgamation of lands taken from different planets from across the multiverse. Over a thousand years ago an event, known as [[The Convergence]], transported each of these fractured lands to [[Xylaria]]. During the transportation, each of these lands, known as realms, were perfectly cut to align to their boarding realms. This caused the forming of larger land masses as well as vast oceans across the surface of the planet. While the direct source of [[The Convergence]] is unclear, its influences are not. Something on [[Xylaria]] causes the pre-existing conditions from the original planets, such as magic and climate, to continue while within the boundaries of each realm. This causes visually distinct boundaries where each of these realms collide. ^introduction
## History
A long ago something collected pieces of different planet, planes, and dimensions across the multiverse forming a planet with the resulting slivers of land and ocean. This formed a whole new planet with multiple large continents and vast oceans in between. While the boundaries of each land was carved to match it's neighbors, the topologies do not always match. Resulting in canyons that end in flat wall faces, whole mountain ranges that are bisected revealing a cross section of the rock layers within. Each land brought unique biomes, flora, fauna, and civilizations. On top of this a magical effect over each of these areas causes phenomenon of the origin to be replicated while within the bounds of that land. Things like permanent night, foggy, lower gravity, slower/faster time, etc... These effects can sometimes makes the boundaries between lands apparent, if the transition to the landscape does not already give it away. On close inspection is appears that the boundaries between each of the lands experiences increased erosion and other geologic phenomena that helps smooth the transition between each place.
 
Each of these new lands and there inhabitants all now had to compete on new boundaries. Some flourished, many failed. Many wars between the displaced civilizations broke out along these new borders as well, and it took thousands of years for the civilizations to even begin to cohabitate. 

Recently, within the past few hundred years, on the continent of [[Aosa]], the strife between nations has died down to levels were some of the displaced civilizations have began to work together and push into the future. Conflict is still always at the forefront of everyone's minds, but now things like industry and mercantile efforts are much more prospers then out right conquest most of the time. Specifically the [[Sylmare]] is a renowned trading port known around the whole continent. All of the major kingdoms of the [[Aosa]] are pushing the boundaries of the industrialization technology and warfare. This has lead to an abundance of new magical discoveries and the creation of magical items in mass throughout the continent.

However, the people of the [[Aosa]] are not alone, as other civilizations on other continents have also been rapidly advancing. Someday they will appear and try to usurp the rich mercantile capitals of the [[Aosa]]

