The [[Order of the Pale Hand]] is a cult that formed after shortly after [[The Convergence]]. This cult worshiped the entity that brought each of the realms to [[Xylaria]]. They referred to this entity as the [[Pale Hand]] due to its finger like mushrooms protruding from the core of the planet. It originally had few followers that hailed from varying realms, but eventually grew to spread across the world. The cults activities were kept secret allowing them to have infiltrate different levels of society within many of the realms. At some point their worship became twisted, and they began to believe that they must destroy [[Pale Hand]] in order to return each of the realms to their original planets.

Maybe initially the cult had some direct connection to the [[Pale Hand]], and it guide the activities of the cult in order to help each of the realms coexist easier. However, over time the [[Pale Hand]] loses its ability to directly communicate with members of the [[Order of the Pale Hand]]. This could be due to some sort of interference with another entity that has been going around destroying planets including the original home planets of the realms of [[Xylaria]]. This interference could range from the entities clashing head to head at times and the other entity having its own agents that have infiltrated the [[Order of the Pale Hand]] to sow chaos. At some point the [[Order of the Pale Hand]] learns that their home planets have been destroyed, but many believe the [[Pale Hand]] is lying in order to keep everyone trapped on [[Xylaria]]. This rumor is spread by the agents of the other entity, and eventually the cult has a culling leaving only those that believe they must destroy the [[Pale Hand]]. At this point the [[Pale Hand]] has been almost completely locked out from the [[Order of the Pale Hand]]. It could be like Sazed and Fuzz where its mind is just starting to go. The other entity is now the actual entity that the [[Order of the Pale Hand]] worships. Only the higher ups know about this fully, while the underlings believe they still worship the [[Pale Hand]]

The [[Order of the Pale Hand]]'s direct involvement with the [[Pale Hand]] would explain why some ancient magical artifacts bare the sigil of the [[Order of the Pale Hand]]. The [[Pale Hand]] had some hand in creating these powerful artifacts, so they are not able to be made this way anymore. Maybe the [[Order of the Pale Hand]] actually had an Atlantis like city at some point over a thousand years ago. This city would have been a technological marvel even in comparison to [[Sylmare]]. However the chaos of the culling of some members of the [[Order of the Pale Hand]] resulted in the destruction of the city.