# Plan

[DND Beyond Encounter](https://www.dndbeyond.com/encounters/8f46e60b-7191-4a97-bb75-83ca72f349ce)

## Start of the fight

> The party sees the cultists escaping the burning warehouse. The cultists do not notice the party as they turn to flee down the street away from the party. Some cultists disappear around corners and buildings before the party has time to react. Most civilians and guards are running to escape the flames while some remain to attempt to quell the fire.

## Interrogation

If the party attempts to capture one of the cultists alive for interrogation they will try to commit suicide instead of speaking. There will be a skill checks involved in order to prevent the suicides. Keeping at least one cultist alive will grant them some additional information. The captured elf should turn out to be an [[Exan Elf]]. The cultists could be wearing hoods that masked their identities before capture.
### Potential Suicide Methods
- *Knife*: If the cultists hands are free they may attempt to gut themselves given the opportunity. This will require a acrobatics (quickly grabbing and/or deflecting the blade) or athletics check (to knock the blade away) of a 12+ to prevent. 
- *Poison*: If a cultists hands are free they may attempt to poison themselves given the opportunity. This will require a acrobatics (quickly grabbing and/or deflecting the blade) or athletics check (to knock the blade away) of a 12+ to prevent. If multiple are captured with their hands tied then maybe some of the cultists have poisons capsules hidden in their mouths
- *Inflict Wounds*: The Cult Fanatics have access to the spell Inflict Wounds. There is nothing preventing the caster from targeting themselves so it could be used for suicide. This will only be preventable through counter spell or gagging the Cult Fanatic. This should probably only be used if multiple cultists are captured.
- *Allies*: Other cult members may attempt to finish of any of their compatriots that are not able to escape on their own
### Information from the Cultist
The cultist has some information that the party may be interested in. If possible steer the conversation through these following bullet points in descending order if possible. Each successful check may lower the following checks. 
-  *Misc.*: This collection of information does not require a check to get from the cultist
	- Always thought [[Emelden Tanithil]] was a slobby prick and a weak link
	- Always liked [[Zukar Tanithil]] better. Saying that is a real [[Exan Elf]] right there, unlike the half breed [[Emelden Tanithil]]
- *Assignment*: This information will be easy to get out of the cultist. It will take an Intimidation, Persuasion, or other similar check of 10+ in order to get this information from them. This band of cultists was assigned to work in the basement of the warehouse to prepare the cart that would be used in the attack on the parade.
>They were attempting to gather everything and remove it from the warehouse, but were interrupted by the party arriving. They set the warehouse ablaze in order to try to flush out the party and get them off their tail.
- *Destination*: This information will be moderately difficult to get out of the cultist.  It will take an Intimidation, Persuasion, or other similar check of 15+ in order to get this information from them. 
> They will tell the party about a location in the underground of [[Sylmare]] that they were supposed to escape to next. They do comment though, with a bit of cheer, that they are sure the cultists will know that location is compromised and they will burn that location and move on
- *Name of the Cult*: This information will be hard to pry out of the cultist. It will take an Intimidation, Persuasion, or other similar check of 18+ in order to get this information from them. 
> They will begrudgingly tell the party they are a member of [[Order of the Pale Hand]]. They will exclaim that the party is all blind and do not know anything. They ramble and rave about the one true god the [[Pale Hand]] who has blessed the realms of [[Xylaria]], but turned against the populace due to their sin. That only a culling can bring back the true believers

At this point this cultist can either be taken into custody by some guards that seem to have been prepped on who the party is
## After the fight

The fight is now over and the cultist has been taken into custody.

> The warehouse is completely ablaze even after the fight has ended. Many of the guards and civilians are still preoccupied with trying to put out the fire. It seems like it is going to be awhile before anyone will be able to investigate the husk of the warehouse

In the meantime the party can return home to await further instructions. Retcon this a little bit to fill in [[Isvar Zunil]] telling them he would have a way to contact them when needed. This may have already been established. 

The party is free to continue home or get a head start on [[3.3 Downtime]]. Either way the party should eventually be forced into [[3.2 Meeting Elvi]]. This can be accomplished by [[Elvi Zunil]] using scry on the members of the party to determine their locations.
