# Plan

## Meeting [[Elvi Zunil]]

- [[Elvi Zunil]] may use scry on members of the party in order to determine their location. 
- [[Elvi Zunil]] is a young looking [[Exan Elf]] of a slender build. 
- She introduces herself as Elvi, and is not directly open about [[Isvar Zunil]] being her grandfather. A check or a passive perception could reveal this information as necessary.
- She does tell the party that she is an agent of [[Isvar Zunil]]
- If asked for proof that she is who she says she is, then she can use a sending stone to directly talk with [[Isvar Zunil]] whole will half-heartedly admonish the party for not trusting his granddaughter.  A low insight DC insight check will reveal that [[Elvi Zunil]] is truthful.
### Returning Home

If the party returns home then sometime after they settle in then [[Elvi Zunil]] will come and knock on the door. She then introduces herself and ask if she can come in. She will ask the party about the door that leads to the pantry on the ground floor. She will walk over and open the door revealing a different room then expected.
### [[3.3 Downtime]]

If the party decides to do something else within [[Sylmare]] after the fight then [[Elvi Zunil]] will definitely use scry on the party to track them down. Upon finding them she will introduce herself and then ask to speak with them privately. She offers that they can either return to their home base or she knows a local spot that they can go to without any prying eyes. She will bring them to the [[Moon Maiden's Tavern]]. Here a burly [[Exan Elf]] named [[Helga]]. [[Helga]] is brusque with other in [[Moon Maiden's Tavern]], but is really sweet with [[Elvi Zunil]]. [[Helga]] sends a girl to show the [[Elvi Zunil]] and the party to a private room. The party passes by a few rooms with similar doors and some are open revealing ornate rooms of moderate size each having a table with chairs. [[Elvi Zunil]] opens the door revealing a different room then expected.

## Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion

[[Elvi Zunil]] has access to the spell [Mordenkainen's Magnificent Mansion](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2619112-mordenkainens-magnificent-mansion) through an amulet in the shape of a miniature door cast in a brass like metal with a glowing crystal in the center, that was given to her by [[Isvar Zunil]]. This grants her the ability to.  In total this provides the party with a secluded location to talk with [[Elvi Zunil]] without fear of eavesdroppers. Read the spell for details on how to add flavor to this area. 

> The room is a large elegant banquet hall decorated to be a ballroom. Mostly translucent figures with elven silhouettes litter the scene. Some appear to dance endlessly to an unheard tune, while other are finishing up setting a real feast at large table with a white table cloth in the middle of the room.

[[Elvi Zunil]] motions the party to take a seat and feel free to enjoy the feast. She will also command the servants to fetch anything the party members need. At this point she will begin talking with the party about what they learned at the warehouse

## Talking with [[Elvi Zunil]]

[[Elvi Zunil]] will ask the party for any information they were able to get out of the warehouse. [[Elvi Zunil]] may feel a kinship with [[Miera Ashglade]] as a young woman with some form of noble upbring.
### Letters

#### Plan for the attack
- This letter details out the 

### [[Order of the Pale Hand]]

- [[Elvi Zunil]] is unfamiliar with the [[Order of the Pale Hand]] and cannot make heads or tails of the ramblings of the cultist. However she does say that she will pass it on to [[Isvar Zunil]] so that it can be investigated further.
- Maybe [[Elvi Zunil]] knows of a strange murder of a local cleric known for proselytizing around [[Sylmare]]. He was apart of religion worshipping a god known as the [[Pale Hand]]. Their is not a large following of this religion, and many tried to avoid what was assumed to be the ramblings of a crazy old man. It was assumed that religious persecution may have been involved with the murder, but the case has since gone cold.
### [[Zukar Tanithil]]

- [[Elvi Zunil]] reveals that she is familiar with [[Zukar Tanithil]] as he was once a potential suitor. She finds him to be a deplorable snake, pardon her manors, and always knew that he was hiding something
- [[Elvi Zunil]] thinks there is potential for infiltrate one of the houses of the [[Clan Tanithil]] that [[Zukar Tanithil]] stays at to try to gather more information from him. This will take some time to come up with a plan.
### Cultist who escaped

- Under the direction of [[Isvar Zunil]], [[Elvi Zunil]] assigned her agents to shadow the party. They were able to tail the cultist who did manage to escape. They tracked them to safehouse in the underground of [[Sylmare]], but quickly burn that location. Thankfully the agents continued to stake out the cultists, and were able to continue to follow the cultists to their next safehouse. Those agents are currently out following the cultist while the party talks with [[Elvi Zunil]]. It will take some time scope out the location and come up with a plan.
### Leaving

- [[Elvi Zunil]] has 50 gold for each of the party members, remarking that she was holding out payment until she thought the party earned their keep.
- She will get back to the party with further details about potential plans later, and leaves them to consider which mission they'd like to tackle. Either they can do both or if it makes sense then one of the missions can be fulfilled by [[Elvi Zunil]]'s agents.
- [[Elvi Zunil]] says that she has one last message to pass on to the party. She says that [[Isvar Zunil]] that while he is a fan of the party's antics he request they try to buck their current trend and reduce property damage in the future

## [[3.3 Downtime]]

At this point the rest of the day and some of the next day are open to them to have free reign of the city before [[3.4 Missions]]. Proceed to [[3.3 Downtime]]


